hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a horror fantasy
film wildling
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
anna spends her childhood confined in an
attic room
by the man she believes is her father
who intends to stop her curiosity
towards the outside world
the father tells her that a child eating
monster hold the wildling
is roaming the woods for kids what's
more
the door knobs also electrified to keep
her away from the gate
little anna grows up and begins being
haunted by nightmares
where the wildling is staring at her in
the deep woods
as she reaches puberty with menses the
father begins dosing her with luperly
to suppress her estrogen production
explaining that he's treating her
illness
never doubt what's been told by her
father though anna suffers terrible side
effects from the medicine
she can't endure any more begs her
father to kill her
the father however can't bring himself
to shoot his little child
and instead turns the gun on himself
trying to end his miserable life
anna later awakens in a hospital where
she finds herself lying on the hospital
bed
before the sheriff ellen the doctor
reveals that anna has taken too much
lupulide
that her body is suppressed to develop
while her father has survived the
suicide
but still in intensive care as anna
recovers
she is temporarily put into custody at
ellen's home
who's living with her brother ray anna
gets accustomed gradually to the
lifestyle there
she also befriends ray who even shows
her some hormone secrets in human body
meanwhile as she enters puberty she
develops superhuman hearing
which seems to draw her to the far
forest and the northern lights
anna attends the local school where she
pays her first close attention to the
schoolgirls
and to the northern lights in the
library as well thanks to her super
hearing
she can hear clearly what people are
whispering about her from distance
and help rey step away from the bully
boys
on her way home someday once anna
catches sight of a deer
she can't help but chase the deer into
the deep woods where she's then stopped
suddenly by an one-eyed hunter
who just want to help her avoid it
deadly trap
confused by that accident anna turns to
pay more attention to the knowledge of
wilderness
at night she feels surprised to know the
fact she's told
that the old man who's taking care of
her childhood is actually not her
biological father from a dna test
rey takes anna to a party for the first
time where the two are attracted to each
other
and share a brief romantic moment
however anna's mouth suddenly begins
bleeding
and after rushing to the bathroom she
loses some teeth
frightened by that anna flees out the
window into the jungles
where a local bully tries to rape her
triggered by her instincts he rips out
his throat with her sharp teeth
confused and frightened anna rushes to
her place where she's brought up
after cleaning her blood there anna
returns back to the town
where she's located soon by ellen and
brought back to her home
however still confused by the current
situation anna couldn't say a word to
ellen
ray checks her broken teeth and wanna
asks ellen for help
but anna runs away into the woods where
she encounters the one-eyed hunter again
who tells her that the wildling of her
kind were attacked and purged out by
human hunters 16 years ago
later in a nearby cavern anna finds a
fanged skull with a bullet hole in the
forehead
which recalls anna suddenly with pieces
of memories showing that her race was
hunted into extinction
by the hunters surprisingly it's her
human father
who actually killed her wildling mother
but could not bring himself to shoot the
human looking baby anna
and instead he hit her away and raised
her up in the attic room
upset by what the old man did to her
anna returns to the hospital with intent
to revenge
but finally she gives up and turns away
back to ellen's home anna only finds
herself handcuffed by ellen
before she can get any comfort from the
only human she may trust
ellen apologizes and explains that the
police have discovered her assault in
the woods
anna is then jailed up and later visited
by her human father
who however tells her that sparing her
life was his greatest mistake
and want to give her a lethal dose of
looper life
but to his surprise grown-up anna now
already knows how to refuse him for the
first time
the next morning when ellen checks on
her anna sees the chance to escapes out
of the cell
and runs far away into the woods with
the help of rey
on their way to escape knowing that anna
is one of the wildling though
rey doesn't abandon her but rather
chooses to stay with this girl
he has fallen in love with and that
night
driven by the hormone effect they
experience their first
but fast sex the next morning however
they are ambushed by a group of hunters
ray gets shot in the arm unfortunately
before they jump into a river for escape
knowing that rey's life is in danger as
long as she remains with him
and runs the other way and vanishes
leading the hunting party away
months later as the hunting approaches
near anna has transformed
almost fully into a wildling she knows
well how to take covers in the woods
and ambushes the hustle hunters in turn
ellen also searches the woods for anna
but she's saved by anna
right before she's killed by the hunters
who try to cover their crimes down in
the woods
ellen allows anna to escape after seeing
that she's pregnant
the hunters set the forest on fire which
pushes anna almost to the dead end
but she manages to escape through the
cavern where her mother was killed
she's then shot with a tranquilizer dart
by her father however
the father attempts to perform a
c-section on her to claim the unborn
child
in despair anna fights off the drugs and
kills her human father before she faints
out
fortunately she's then saved by the
one-eyed hunter who stitches her wounds
up
and keeps her child alive the next
morning
the recovered anna sees ellen and rey
from afar
and vanishes into the wilderness she
travels far
north under the northern lights in the
distance
she hears the call of another wildling
this is daniel cc movie review bye